Rename @uifabric/icons to @fluentui/font-icons-mdl2 (#15603)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-examples/src/react/Icon/docs/IconOverview.md

For a list of icons, visit our [icon documentation](#/styles/web/icons).

> Note that icons are not bundled by default and typically must be loaded by calling `initializeIcons` from the `@fluentui/font-icons-mdl2` package at the root of your application. See the [icon documentation](#/styles/web/icons#fabric-react) for more details.

Reviewer: Not a new issue but we should probably discourage people from referencing the package directly
```suggestion
Note that icons are not bundled by default and typically must be loaded by calling `initializeIcons` from `@fluentui/react/lib/Icons` at the root of your application. See the [icon documentation](#/styles/web/icons#fabric-react) for more details.
```
